> How is the location of abes, is the market area near it or it's in the outskirts?

The location of abes is good, not just as in the outskirts. Yes the markets and every residential block are near to it. The most famous place near our college is LalKuan.


> What was the establishment year of abes and does it matters?

The establishment year of abes is 2000, and yes it matters because as long is the establishment year is, the more trust is built between the college and students with its course and extracurriculars.



> What's the campus size of your college ?

It's approximately 20 acres, covering the whole campus i.e the hostel, ground and college blocks.


> What are the branches offered in Btech and which is better branch?

Braches offered in Btech are:
Cse, Csit, Cse AiMl, Cse Data Science, ECE, EN, Mechanical engineering.
It depends upon you, that in which domain after your engineering you have to move 
> Sir, I have to choose my career in IT sector, then which is better ?
Then CS related branches are good for you.
> Sir, I've scored 2 lakh rank then is it possible to get these branches as the competition is very tough.
Yes, you can try these branches in your counseling as you have the chances to get any of them.
> What preferences would you like to give these CS related branches?
CSE> CSIT> CSE AIML> CSE DS


> What is the class strength and capacity of students intake ?

It's approximately 60 students in a class and the total intake in a branch is approximately 180+.

> How are the teachers and professors in the college?

Yes, they are good, it depends upon your behaviour and bonding with them. They are really helping and supporting.


> What are the Courses fee structure, are they the same or different?

The fee is the same for all the branches offered, it's approximately 1 lakh 36 thousand.
>And what is the hostel fees?
It varies upon your choice of leaving like AC or Non-AC and double seater or four seater. 
In first year majority 90% students lives in four seater room which cost approximately 1 lakh 20 thousand now, do check the fee brochure.


> What is the college ranking and are the course NBA approved, and does the NBA accreditation matters ?
You can check out the latest NIRF ranking on their official website of NIRF, it was 200+ last year, currently I've not checked it out of this year.
And talking about NBA accreditation, yes it matters, when you applying for scholarships and all, the branch should be NBA approved.
In our college all of them are mostly NBA approved now, because students of every branches have recieved their scholarship money.
> What is the scholarship amount?
It depends whether you are living in the hostel or not, if you are a hosteler then it may come around 62 thousand and day scholars who are not living in hostel gets less amount than it.


> How is the infrastructure and development of the college ?
Yes, it's quite cool, surrounded by trees and plants the building are clean and few blocks are getting their classes renewed. Classes have AC and chargeable ports for the laptop and other devices charging. The seats are slanted toward the stage as you see in movies and IITs this makes communication easy between professors and students.